Absolutely shameful.
Did everyone just go brain-dead at the same time?
The answer was right there, people.
Embarrassing. Truly.
I'm not mad, just disappointed.
A kindergartener would have gotten that.
I'm starting to worry about this group.
Go home. Touch grass. Try again.
Was everyone in a coma for that one?
It's no surprise retards like you wouldn't know this one.
Jesus fucking christ how can you be so dumb.
Let it be known that everyone who attempted (or didn't attempt) an answer is dumb as fuck.
Maybe take a few more seconds to contemplate the answer dumb fucks.
Mental Retardation makes me sad .
Not even a good attempt. Jesus christ.
Pathetic. Do better. Can you at least try 
Retards.
Simply pathetic.
Stop touching your dicks like mongoloids and focus on the question, retards.
That was pure faggotry.
This server has some of the most retard of all retards. 
Those were some of the worst guesses I've seen yet.
Try harder bird brains.
Typical retard drug addict answers.
Were you guys napping when they handed out brains.
Wow not only are you retards but you're stupid ones too. Just wow 
You guys are so fucking stupid I want to gouge my eyes out.
You guys are some of the dumbest people I've ever met.
You had 30 seconds you morons. You could've used google.
You seem to have room temperate IQ.
Your pathetic stupid retard asses couldn't even get an easy one.
Another failed attempt. Maybe do less drugs, retard.
Are these the dumb fucks I keep hearing about?
Are you guys even trying? You're pathetic  and your parents hate you.
As usual, you were wrong .
Complete and total dumbasses.
Complete dumbass retards.
Does being wrong turn you guys on sexually or something? You seem to do it a lot.
Dumbassery.
Dumbasses.
Dumbasses.
FUCK you people are stupid .
Fucking kill yourself losers. You suck at this game.
How could you not know that.
I can't believe how fucking retarded you people are.
I guess you were'nt around when they were handing out brains?
I hate to say it but I knew you wouldn't get this one.
I think that was a really valiant attempt and you shouldn't give up.
Insanely bad at trivia. And probably life in general.